                      +-----------------------+
                      |  THE HYPERXMP PACKAGE |
                      |                       |
                      |      Scott Pakin      |
                      | scott+hyxmp@pakin.org |
                      +-----------------------+


Description
===========

XMP (eXtensible Metadata Platform) is a mechanism proposed by Adobe
for embedding document metadata within the document itself.  The
metadata is designed to be easy to extract, even by programs that are
oblivious to the document's file format.  Most of Adobe's applications
store XMP metadata when saving files.  Now, with the hyperxmp package,
it is trivial for LaTeX document authors to store XMP metadata in
their documents as well.

hyperxmp integrates seamlessly with hyperref and requires virtually no
modifications to documents that already exploit hyperref's mechanisms
for specifying PDF metadata.  The current version of hyperxmp can
embed the following metadata as XMP: author, title, subject, keywords,
copyright, and license URL.  hyperxmp currently embeds XMP only within
PDF documents but is compatible with pdflatex, latex+dvipdfm, and
latex+dvips+ps2pdf.


Installation
============

There's nothing special about building hyperxmp.  To create
hyperxmp.sty simply run "tex hyperxmp.ins".  Install hyperxmp.sty
somewhere where pdfLaTeX can find it.  See
http://www.tex.ac.uk/cgi-bin/texfaq2html?label=instpackages for
general information about installing packages.


Copyright and license
=====================

Copyright (C) 2006, Scott Pakin

This file may be distributed and/or modified under the conditions of
the LaTeX Project Public License, either version 1.3b of this license
or (at your option) any later version.  The latest version of this
license is in:

                http://www.latex-project.org/lppl.txt

and version 1.3b or later is part of all distributions of LaTeX
version 2006/01/07 or later.
