$Id: README,v 4.4c 2009/09/23 18:54:12 lehman stable $

ABOUT

This package provides advanced facilities for inline and display
quotations. It is designed for a wide range of tasks ranging from
the most simple applications to the more complex demands of formal
quotations. The facilities include commands, environments, and
user-definable 'smart quotes' which dynamically adjust to their
context. Quotation marks are switched automatically if quotations
are nested and they can be adjusted to the current language. There
are additional facilities designed to cope with the more specific
demands of academic writing, especially in the humanities and the
social sciences. All quote styles as well as the optional active
quotes are freely configurable.

LICENSE

Copyright (c) 2003--2009 Philipp Lehman, author-maintained.
Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this
software under the terms of the LaTeX Project Public License (LPPL),
version 1.3.

This software is provided 'as is', without warranty of any kind,
either expressed or implied, including, but not limited to, the
implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular
purpose.

REQUIREMENTS

This package requires e-TeX and the 'etoolbox' package. etoolbox is
available from:

http://www.ctan.org/tex-archive/macros/latex/contrib/etoolbox/

or any CTAN mirror.

INSTALLATION

Copy the files 'csquotes.sty', 'csquotes.def', 'csquotes.cfg' to

	<TEXMFLOCAL>/tex/latex/csquotes/

where <TEXMFLOCAL> denotes the root of the local TeX installation
tree, for example

	/usr/local/share/texmf/
or
	/usr/share/texmf-local/
or
	C:\Local TeX Files\

The manual ('csquotes.pdf') and the file 'tutorial.tex' go to

	<TEXMFLOCAL>/doc/latex/csquotes/

or to any other place where you will find them later.

Note that you may have to create those directories if this is the
first package you're installing locally (as opposed to via a package
manager).

Don't forget to update the file hash tables (also known as the file
name database) after installing the files. On teTeX and TeX Live
systems, run texhash as root ('sudo texhash'). On MiKTeX, run
'initexmf --update-fndb' in a command window or use the 'Refresh
FNDB' button of the MiKTeX Options window.

Please see the TeX FAQ at http://www.tex.ac.uk/faq for further
hints.

USAGE

Refer to csquotes.pdf for a systematic reference manual and to
tutorial.tex for a hands-on tutorial including practical examples.

CHANGES

A list of changes relevant to users of this package is included at
the end of csquotes.pdf. Skimming the respective section of the
manual is highly recommended.
