plugin: local
name: floppy/check
requires: device.driver == 'floppy'
description: Floppy test
description-ast.UTF-8: Prueba de disquete
description-be.UTF-8: Тэст дыскеты
description-bs.UTF-8: Test flopi diska
description-ca.UTF-8: Comprovació del disquet
description-cs.UTF-8: Test disketové mechaniky
description-da.UTF-8: Floppy-test
description-de.UTF-8: Diskettenlaufwerkstest
description-el.utf-8: Δοκιμή Floppy
description-en_AU.UTF-8: Floppy test
description-en_GB.UTF-8: Floppy test
description-es.UTF-8: Prueba de disquete
description-fi.UTF-8: Korpputesti
description-fr.UTF-8: Test du lecteur de disquette
description-gd.UTF-8: Deuchainn clàr sùbailte
description-gl.UTF-8: Proba de disquete
description-hu.UTF-8: Floppy teszt
description-it.UTF-8: Test del floppy
description-ja.UTF-8: フロッピーのテスト
description-lv.UTF-8: Disketes tests
description-ms.UTF-8: Uji cakera liut
description-nl.UTF-8: Floppytest
description-oc.UTF-8: Tèst del lector de disquetas
description-pl.UTF-8: Test stacji dyskietek
description-pt.UTF-8: Teste à floppy
description-pt_BR.UTF-8: Testar o disquete
description-ro.UTF-8: Testare floppy
description-ru.UTF-8: Тест дискеты
description-sl.UTF-8: Preizkus disketnega pogona
description-sq.UTF-8: Testim i disketës
description-sr.UTF-8: Тест дискете
description-sv.UTF-8: Diskettest
description-tr.UTF-8: Disket Sınama
description-ug.UTF-8: يۇمشاق دىسكا سىنىقى
description-uk.UTF-8: Флопі тест
description-zh_HK.UTF-8: 軟盤測試
description-zh_TW.UTF-8: 軟碟測試
command:
 cat <<'EOF' | run_templates -t -s 'udev_resource | filter_templates -w "driver=floppy"'
 plugin: shell
 name: floppy/check_`ls /sys$path/driver/*/*/*/block`
 requires: device.path == "$path"
 description: Floppy test for $product
 user: root
 command: floppy_test /dev/`ls /sys$path/driver/*/*/*/block`
 EOF
